README.md, before:

# Assignment118029450
## Assignment 1 for WAD  
In this assignment the JSON data for the question balances from the website https://i-want-to-study-engineering.org/ is tested using Jest. The JSON data can be accessed from https://github.com/1122131uhi/WAD1122131/blob/main/balances.json .
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Pre-requisutes
* For the tests to run the user need to have access to a command line interface.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Download and Installation
 
* Node.js needs to be installed by downloading from here https://nodejs.org/en/ .

* Install git . https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git this link can be used to install git.

* The user needs to install npm by running <u> npm install </u> in the command line.
https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/commands/npm-install

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Running tests

* The users needs to clone the repository to their local machine and from the terminal navigate to the project directory.
Example- if the project is in 
 C:\Users\test-project directory then the user needs to run cd  C:\Users\test-project.

 * After installing all the project dependencies run 
 **npm test** in the command line.

 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

 ## Versions used
 * The versions used for this assignment is
 npm 8.10.0
 node v16.16.0

Commit message:

README.md has been updated

README.md, after:

# Assignment118029450
## Assignment 1 for WAD  
In this assignment the JSON data for the question balances from the website https://i-want-to-study-engineering.org/ is tested using Jest. The JSON data can be accessed from https://github.com/1122131uhi/WAD1122131/blob/main/balances.json . Tests have been done to find if there are fields for every section, the presence of a question field and it should not be empty. It also tests for if there are no definite fields it should have a array in it. The data also has been tested if in the questions there is atleast one answer field present and if there is answer property it should atleast have a correct answer. It also tests the data if there is a image present if not throws an error message.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________



## Pre-requisutes
* For the tests to run the users need to have access to a command line interface.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
## Download and Installation
 
* Node.js needs to be installed by downloading from here https://nodejs.org/en/ .

* Install git . https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git this link can be used to install git.

* The user needs to install npm by running <u> npm install </u> in the command line.
https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/commands/npm-install

___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## Running tests

* The users needs to clone the repository to their local machine and from the terminal navigate to the project directory.
Example- if the project is in 
 C:\Users\test-project directory then the user needs to run cd  C:\Users\test-project.

 * After installing all the project dependencies run 
 **npm test** in the command line.

 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

 ## Versions used
 * The versions used for this assignment is
 npm 8.10.0
 node v16.16.0
